

```
CONFIGURATION SETTINGS

aiBackend: OPENAI
aiCommentTemperature: 1.0
aiConnectionMaxRetryAttempts: 1
aiConnectionRetryInterval: 10
aiConnectionTimeout: 30
aiDomain: http://localhost:9527
aiFullFileReview: true
aiModel: gpt-4o
aiPollingInterval: 1000
aiPollingTimeout: 180
aiRelevanceRules:
aiReviewCommitMessages: true
aiReviewPatchSet: true
aiReviewTemperature: 0.2
aiSystemPromptInstructions: Act as a PatchSet Reviewer
aiUploadedChunkSizeMb: 5
codeContextOnDemandBasePath:
codeContextPolicy: UPLOAD_ALL
directive:
disabledGroups:
disabledTopicFilter:
disabledUsers:
enableMessageDebugging: true
enabledFileExtensions:
    py
    java
    js
    ts
    html
    css
    cs
    cpp
    c
    h
    php
    rb
    swift
    kt
    r
    jl
    go
    scala
    pl
    pm
    rs
    dart
    lua
    sh
    vb
    bat
enabledGroups:
    ALL
enabledProjects:
enabledTopicFilter:
    ALL
enabledUsers:
    ALL
filterCommentsBelowScore: 0
filterCommentsRelevanceThreshold: 0.6
filterNegativeComments: true
filterRelevantComments: true
forceCreateAssistant: false
gerritUserName: gpt
ignoreOutdatedInlineComments: false
ignoreResolvedAiComments: true
inlineCommentsAsResolved: false
maxReviewLines: 1000
patchSetCommentsAsResolved: false
selectiveLogLevelOverride:
taskSpecificAssistants: false
votingMaxScore: 1
votingMinScore: -1
```